{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red93\green108\blue121;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c36526\c42188\c47515;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11700\viewh9180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Code release for the paper '\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Landscape heterogeneity buffers biodiversity of meta-food-webs under global change through rescue and drainage effects\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
'\
\
\
 	\
This repository contains simulation code of a research project. It applies allometric models of animal foraging and network structure extended in a spatial network to simulate the impact of fragmentation and eutrophication on species diversity patterns in a complex landscape.\
\
\
File List in Code_S.zip\
\
	Code\
		FullWeb\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2040\fi-2041\partightenfactor0
\cf2 			main.cpp\
			pdef_dynamics_1.1_space.h\
			submit.sh\
			summarize.sh\
			wrapper.sh\
			gcc.sh\
		2-patch\
			Heatmap.sh\
		1-patch\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 			runlocal.sh	\
\
	read-in\
		Nutrients\
		Landscapes\
		Foodweb\
		1/2-patch\
	\
	R\
		FullWeb\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2040\fi-2041\partightenfactor0
\cf2 			Fullweb.r\
		2-patch\
			2-patch.r\
		1-patch\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 			nutrient.r\
			emigration.r\
			Plots.r	\
\
\
File descriptions\
\
		main.cpp: Main simulation code producing the data for the analysis. The code is an extension of the code used for the article Ryser et al. (2019) \'82The biggest Losers: Habitat fragmentation deconstructs complex food webs from top to bottom, ProcB. A detailed description of parameters and equation used in the model is given in the supplementary file of the manuscript. \
\
		pdef_dynamics_1.1_space.h: List of libraries needed for simulation run and a list of all functions in the main simulation code. \
\
		\
Note: Working directory has to be adjusted. Input for parallelization of simulation runs on a HPC is adapted for a bash script. Code needs to be compiled beforehand (example for local compilation in gcc.sh).\
\
Libraries:\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 gsl/1.16-3\
sundials/2.7.0-1\
gcc/5.2.0-1\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
}